friends to lovers: they're just friends...right?
enemies to lovers: hate and love look quite alike.
mutual pining: JUST GET TOGETHER PLS.
there’s only one bed: It's a sign from the universe. Guess you'll just have to share 🤷
fake dating: we're just pretending...right?
coffee shop AU: the ambiance in the background, the smell of coffee, the cute barista, the lure of caffeine...irresistible.
everybody lives: There will be no death in this house. HP AU where none of the characters in the First Wizarding War died.
hurt/comfort: We will inflict much much pain on you and then much love.
PWP: 🍆 👀
soulmates: Meant to be.
head student dorm: You know what happens when you put two students together in the same dorm, alone.
new years kiss: The kiss at midnight.
wedding dates: Whether they're both invited, or crash, or needed a date suddenly because it's an ex's date...weddings are cesspools for romance.
fake kisses: Like an eskimo kiss!
huddling for warmth: 🎶 Baby it's cold outside 🎶 (except with consent pls)
period AU: Regency! The longing looks, the feudal system, what's not to love...
amnesia: One character forgets everything. A perfect blank slate.
university AU: Imagine all the awkwardness, but in a college setting, without magic to erase away any problems. Whelp.
masquerade: Characters at a masquerade ball. When the masks come on, your true faces can be revealed.
slow burn: if you really want to torture your readers. the most delicious pain.
gender swap: Let's shake things up.
time travel: Someone gets their hands on a time turner.
childhood friends to lovers: They've been friends FOREVER.
found family: Family isn't always about blood.
chatfic: A fic entirely written in the form of messages exchanged between characters. Less words, but not less dramz, that's for sure.
FWB: It's friendship plus sex...best of both worlds, right? No one's gonna catch feels...right?
whodunnit: 🕵️
5+1: 5 times one thing happened, and 1 time the opposite happened.
missing moment: A moment that wasn't shown in canon.
meet-cute: "Oops I slipped on a banana peel and fell right into your arms, wow!"
star-crossed lovers: Our story isn't fated to be according to the stars, but honestly, fuck the stars.
polyamory: My heart is too big for only one.
smut: you know.
lovers to enemies to friends to lovers: The wildest rollercoaster.
morally grey character: Too bad to be good, but too good to be bad.
sympathetic villain: Okay so they're definitely bad, but damn if they aren't likable.
anti-hero: The ends justify the means.
anti-villain: They think they're doing something good, but wow they're fucked up.
enemies to friends to lovers: Enemies to lovers, but like, more stable.
ensemble cast: What happens when you throw a buncha morons together?
roommates: Close proximity.
snowed in: The weather is sending us a signal.
acquired poison immunity: you've used small doses of poison over an extended period of time to build up immunity.
big damn heroes: rush in and save the day - the more spectacular and flashy the spectacle, the better.
deep cover agent: you are deep, deep undercover.
ditch the bodyguards: on one hand, there are very good reasons for you to have bodyguards right now. on the other hand...yolo?
outrun the fireball: there's a fireball. or maybe it's an explosion. the point is, you've gotta outrun it.
passing the torch: you can't just retire without picking someone to carry on your work.
protect this house: you've gotta defend your home. and you will. against everything.
absurdly divided school: this goes way beyond friends or clubs.
achey scars: you'd think it would stop hurting eventually, but nope.
after-school cleaning duty: the school had better be spotless if you want to leave.
all crimes are equal: every crime gets punished in more or less the same way - in the eyes of the law, murder = stealing a loaf of bread.
animal espionage: animals make the best spies.
arbitrary skepticism: you've accepted plenty of other weird things, but this absolutely can't
boarding school of horrors: there is nothing about this school that isn't either absolutely miserable or actively dangerous. or both.
chronic hero syndrome: rescuing people and righting wrongs is a compulsion.
horrible judge of character: i don't know what you're all so worried about, she's delightful
crusading widower: losing one's spouse is a gateway drug to a vengeful killing spree
roaring rampage of revenge: this is not merely "revenge." this is burning your enemy's shit to the ground.
it's personal: this is no longer about the principle of the thing.
you killed my father: prepare to die!
mentor occupational hazard: if you sign up to mentor a hero, you're basically asking to be murdered.
evil mentor: wait, you thought i wanted to *save* the world?? lolololol
better as friends: ily - just not like that.
rousing speech: things felt hopeless until you opened your mouth.
we used to be friends: but now we're decidedly not.
deus ex machina: that was an unexpected but welcome solution to this unsolvable problem
slow clap: it started with one and ended with a standing ovation
running gag: you always say that
be careful what you wish for: no takebacks
enemies to lovers: we like our extremes
inconvenient attraction: you are the last person in the world i should be into, but i guess that's the world we're living in
the call knows where you live: you can't ignore your destiny. if that requires your house to be burned down, so be it.
sorting algorithm of evil: it's super convenient that you didn't have to fight the Big Bad first
enemies list: otherwise, how would you remember who you hated most of all?
taking you with me: if i'm going down, i'm going to take everyone else with me
dangerous forbidden technique: it's powerful, but man, does it have its drawbacks
forbidden chekhov's gun: whatever you do, don't do this later in the story, not under any circumstances, i'm explicitly warning you
chekhov's gun: mention a thing ages before it becomes remotely relevant. like sirius black's bike. or the sword of gryffindor killing a basilisk.
chekhov's armory: mention many things ages before they become remotely relevant.
sidenote full story: give your passing reference its own story already.
or was it a dream?: i don't even know what reality is anymore.
butterfly of doom: don't you dare try to change the past. the changes will never work out, and you will have to fix it.
unreliable narrator: you're not telling the audience the full story here.
xanatos gambit: it doesn't matter what you do. i still win.
take the third option: choose a or b. you're running out of time. you - wait, what do you mean, you choose c? there wasn't supposed to be a c.
didn't see that coming: you've thought of everything - except this.
apparently powerless puppetmaster: they're so harmless and unassuming you don't even consider that maybe they're pulling all the strings.
why aren't you attacking?: you've reached the end of the road. you're cornered. there's no way out. wait - why isn't she attacking me?
chekhov's volcano: nah, it's dormant, there's no way it'll ever erupt! (spoiler - it erupts.)
the legend of chekhov: you don't include a myth in a story if it's not at least sort of true.
necessary drawback: it's not overpowered if using it makes you suffer. a lot.
devil in plain sight: how am i the only one seeing the danger here?
you're just jealous: maybe, but my point remains (genuinely) valid!
our monsters are different: these aren't just your run of the mill monsters. they're special, because...
in the end, you are on your own: friendship is great and all, but this big boss battle is all on you
excellent judge of character: how is your gut always so spot on?
wrong side all along: well, fuck. we didn't realize we were helping the bad guys.
mistaken for betrayal: this is genuinely not what it looks like.
kill and replace: kill the original. take their place.
thou shalt not kill: no killing, ever, for any reason.
debt detester: we don't like each other, but i owe you, and i'm gonna make good on it.
undying loyalty: i'm all about the personal loyalty, y'all.
the only one allowed to defeat you: look, you're going down, but i'll do anything to make sure i'm the one to do it.
affably evil: just because you're evil doesn't mean you have to be unpleasant.
even evil has standards: look, i may be evil, but even i wouldn't stoop to that.
my death is just the beginning: you thought this was over because your enemy was dead? that was the plan all along.
did you just flip off cthulhu?: you could squash me like a bug, so insulting your mother seems like the right call.
never found the body: if there's no body, chances are they aren't really dead.
chronic backstabbing disorder: and yet somehow they fall for it every time.
heel-face turn: redeem the bad guy.
face-heel turn: corrupt the good guy.
go mad from the isolation: social isolation isn't conducive to sanity.
go mad from the revelation: some experiences aren't conducive to sanity.
inferiority superiority complex: if i talk myself up enough, maybe nobody will notice my intense self-loathing!
instant allegiance artifact: flip someone to your side without putting in the work!
safety in indifference: if you never care, you never hurt.
what you are in the dark: no one will ever know.
